Mr. Qin, if you are me, please stay there.
Otherwise, I can't guarantee that there will be more holes in her body.
Dirty killing each other.
Teach me a little piece of trash.
I can talk to you like this
As for the relics of my Qin, you but still have not
Find a sure chance I'll dig out your ancestral card and chop it up for firewood
Qin Xiao, you said you were a bad psychopath in a mental hospital
ran up against us on the beam
This is you down here. You're looking for death.
Don't worry
I must have died in front of you.
You two keep going.
Your Majesty.
How about
The taste of this stick is not pleasant.
But I really didn't expect you to be that kind of emotional.
Do you remember
one day
I'll break you to pieces